EJEMPLO NOTE RBT
Para que una nota justifique tu trabajo debes poner lo principal ocurrido en cada session, aqui te doy ejemplos de como puedes justificar tu trabajo mas alla de tomar data. En la nota se debe poner que paso antes, es decir, el antecedente que desencadeno la conducta, porque ocurrio esa maladaptive behavior? Despues debe venir la Bx propiamente con su topografia, no necesariamente poner la topografia complete, puede ser una parte, es decir, de la topografia, lo que exhibio ese dia. Y luego estaria la consecuencia, que paso justamente despues, es decir, que hizo el RBT, que intervencion uso y que se logro al final (outcome), decrecio la conducta? escalo? paro?. 
En los replacement es parecido, el antecedente seria que vas a entrenar el replacement, puede ser aprobechando el ambiente, o usando schedule. Luego como lo hiciste, como si fuera una topografia, como corres ese replacement? (en el assessment debe estar explicado, sino apoyarse en el analista) Y despues la consecuencia, esa seria que paso? cual fue el outcome? lo hizo o no? necesito ayuda o no?
 Color 
Amarillo: En la nota siempre puedes poner estas líneas y no variarlas excepto los reforzadores por session, pues no deben ser siempre los mismos
Azul: Es el antecedent de las BX y los Replacements
Rojo: Topografía BX
Morado: Como se corrió el replacement
Verde:Consecuence

Summary
Today's session took place in The Client/The recipient/Fulanito's home. Present in the session were The Client/The recipient/Fulanito, the caregiver, and RBT.  Upon arrival at the session, the RBT ran replacement skills to increase replacement programs in the therapy and decrease inappropriate behaviors. 
At the beginning of the session, The Client/The recipient/Fulanito was asked to stop playing with the Legos. The Client/The recipient/Fulanito showed Property destruction, evidenced by tearing up sheets of paper and throwing crayons on the floor. The RBT provided no praise and after using DRA and redirection, the maladaptive behavior stopped. After 1 or 2 minutes, The Client/The recipient/Fulanito was able to start the planned activities. 
The Client/The recipient/Fulanito was asked to remain seated at the work table, and The Client/The recipient/Fulanito exhibited tantrums, evidenced by The Client/The recipient/Fulanito's participation in the vocalization, with sounds accompanied by facial contraction, with tears. The RBT redirected The Client/The recipient/Fulanito to an alternative response and verbal behavior training, redirection, and extinction. After 4 minutes the tantrum stopped. The Client/The recipient/Fulanito was able to sit at the attention work desk with verbal prompts. 
The RBT trained The Client/The recipient/Fulanito in a non-preferred activity and exhibited Elopement running away from the adult by fleeing from one room of the house to another without permission. The RBT used interventions such as DRA, escape extinction, errorless learning, and behavioral prompting, breaking tasks down into simple steps. After 1 minute, this maladaptive behavior stopped and The Client/The recipient/Fulanito was able to engage in the new activity. 
The RBT gave The Client/The recipient/Fulanito specific instructions, in short sentences, to wash his hands before a snack; The Client/The recipient/Fulanito showed task refusal by failing to comply with an adult's demand within 5 to 10 seconds of the instruction. The RBT used interventions such as error correction, error-free learning, modeling, and this maladaptive behavior stopped. At the end of an interval, The Client/The recipient/Fulanito was able to wash his hands. 
The RBT worked on a request for attention. The RBT executed this program by standing behind the recipient and drawing attention to his mother entering the room and calling him by his name. The Client/The recipient/Fulanito completed this objective at least twice in the session. 
The RBT trained The Client/The recipient/Fulanito to request for escape during a non-preferred task. RBT modeled for The Client/The recipient/Fulanito how to ask for a break, using their hand and saying "break". The Client/The recipient/Fulanito completed this objective using his hands, bringing them together at least twice during the session. 
The RBT continued the session with The Client/The recipient/Fulanito and worked on toileting skills. RBT used a planned schedule with a timer. With the help of the caregiver, the RBT and The Client/The recipient/Fulanito worked on this replacement to complete this goal in the session. The Client/The recipient/Fulanito’s response was fair. 
The reinforcers used were verbal phrases, ball, legos, and phone. Next session RBT will continue working with The Client/The recipient/Fulanito as outlined in the Plan.



Nota 1: During today's session, the RBT met with the client and his mother as caregiver at his house. RBT worked to reduce negative behaviors and implement skill replacement to increase positive skills and collect data. There has been changes in the environment (vitsit's cousin). Fulanito was playing with his cousin,  and wanted the toy she had but she continued to play with the toy, at which point Fulanito exhibited physical aggression by hitting the girl with close hand, to address the behavior the RBT implemented DRA and Redirection and was able to stop the behavior. Then while the entire family ate dinner at the table Fulanito engaged in excessive motor activity by stands up and runs around the table, to address the behavior the RBT implemented Premack principle and Functional Communication Training thus causing the behavior to stop. Then while the RBT is training make transitions from preferred items and activities to required tasks Fulanito was coloring in his favorite book and the RBT instructs him to change activities to counting the number of squares on a worksheet and after offering verbal prompts Fulanito was able to meet the goal. While at the work table the RBT is training follow one-step instruction and to end an activity instructs Fulanito to close the book he was using, after offering gestural prompts Fulanito was able to comply with the instruction. Legos, verbal praises and slime were used during this session as reinforces. The strategies implemented throughout the session and to address the client's goals were effective in making progress towards remediating deficits related to client's diagnosis and the client responded as expected to the treatment. The client is making progress as expected towards mastering skill acquisition treatment goals and objectives showing a decrease in maladaptive behaviors. In general, the client's performance in the session was fair.

Note 2: During today's session, the RBT met with caregiver and client at his house. RBT worked to reduce negative behaviors and implement skill replacement to increase positive skills and collect data. There have been no changes in the environment. While playing shadow box Fulanito engaged in off task behavior by fails to complete an ongoing task and engages in coloring a book, to address the behavior the RBT implemented Escape Extinction and Environmental Manipulations and got the behavior to stop. While Fulanito was taking a break his mother asked him to sit at the table for a snack at which point Fulanito exhibited physical aggression by kicking his mother using his foot from six inches, to address the behavior the RBT implemented DRA and Non-Contingent Reinforcement and got the behavior to stop. While the RBT was training time on task for 3 minutes she prompted Fulanito to build a block tower and gave him a verbal prompt, Fulanito was able to stay for 3 minutes and complete the activity. While at the work table Fulanito is coloring and the RBT is entering request for break and shows Fulanito a timer and prompts him to ask for a break, Fulanito was able to accomplish the goal after being offered physical guidance. Reinforcers like blocks, verbal praises and breaks were used during the session. The strategies implemented throughout the session and to address the client's goals were effective in making progress towards remediating deficits related to client's diagnosis and the client responded as expected to the treatment. The client is making progress as expected towards mastering skill acquisition treatment goals and objectives showing a decrease in maladaptive behaviors. In general, the client's performance in the session was fair.

Note3: During today's session, the RBT met with Caregiver and Client at her home. RBT worked to reduce negative behaviors and implement skill replacement to increase positive skills and collect data. in this session the RBT instructed client to sit down for dinner the client engaged in repetitive behavior by constantly moving her fingers in rapid succession, to address this behavior the RBT implemented Response Interruption and Redirection (RIRD) by stopping her fingers and asking her to sit down and grab her spoon, the client then started eating, this behavior stopped from 2 to 1 incident during this interval of the session. during the session the client engaged in poor social skills by isolating herself from peer interactions and staying more than 10 feet away, remaining alone. to address this behavior the RBT used Environmental Manipulations taking everyone outside along with client to play a family game, this behavior then stopped from 2 to 1 incident during this interval of the session. during bed time the client engaged in off task behavior during her night routine by remaining not visually focused on her tasks and stopping in the middle of it, to address this behavior the RBT used Simple Correction by asking her to continue her routine like brushing her teeth, this behavior then stopped from 3 to 2 incidents during this interval of the session. While coloring the RBT and client worked on Request for Tangibles by lining up 3 different coloring books and encouraging her to ask for the one she wants to use, at the end the client was able to meet the goal in 2 opportunities. Next the RBT and client worked on Accept "No" for Response by reinforcing her with cheers when able to tolerate the word "no" for response, RBT aided via prompts as needed, with RBTs prompts client was able to meet the goal in 2 opportunities. Later while drawing together the RBT and client worked on Taking Turns by sharing the same pencil and spending 5 minutes each to draw a part of the drawing, at the end the client was able to meet the goal in 3 opportunities. The strategies implemented throughout the session and to address the client's goals were effective in making progress towards remediating deficits related to client's diagnosis and the client responded as expected to the treatment. The client is making progress as expected towards mastering skill acquisition treatment goals and objectives showing a decrease in maladaptive behaviors. In general, the client's performance in the session was fair.

Note 4: The session was held in Fulanito's school, as agreed upon with the teacher. The exercises were attended by the RBT, teacher, and Fulanito. The session was directed by the therapist performing a variety of tasks designed to improve Fulanito's receptiveness to the replacement programs. The RBT coped with Fulanito's maladaptive behavior, making use of some suitable intervention when necessary. The therapist implemented the replacement program of 'Playing skills' by engaging Fulanito in an activity involving sorting and organizing different objects. The therapist demonstrated how to sort the objects by color and shape, encouraging Fulanito to participate in the process. When prompted to organize the red objects into a specific area, Fulanito exhibited 'Tantrums' characterized by screaming, stomping the ground, throwing himself on the floor, and refusing to get up. The interventions Premack Principle, Attention independent response delivery, Differential Reinforcement of Alternative Behaviors (DRA) were executed in order to correct Fulanito’s behavior. The interventions had the expected outcomes and Fulanito was able to remain engaged in the session’s activities. Later, the therapist implemented the replacement program 'Request Attention' by engaging Fulanito in the activity of playing with wind-up toys. The therapist prompted Fulanito to choose a toy and encouraged Fulanito to show it to the therapist to gain interest. Upon this request, Fulanito exhibited 'Task Refusal' by turning away from the toys and failing to make any movement towards selecting one, instead moving towards a different area. Fulanito did not comply with the therapist's demand and attempted to leave the designated area rather than participating in the planned activity. The RBT properly used Premack Principle, Redirection, Differential Reinforcement of Alternative Behaviors (DRA) to deal with Fulanito's maladaptive behavior. The interventions had the expected outcomes and Fulanito was able to remain engaged in the session’s activities. The remaining part of the session was spent on carrying out other replacement programs through activities engaging in sand play, playing a digital drum on the tablet, and practicing fine motor skill development exercises. Certain procedures like Pivot and Positive Reinforcement were also brought onboard to manage Fulanito's reactions. RBT utilized reinforcements like high five, smiles and kinetic sand for positive behavior. The maladaptive behavior data were collected systematically during the session. As necessary, the RBT provided breaks to Fulanito. In the upcoming session, the therapist will maintain the course of the treatment as described in the plan.



 
